# OrbitDB Community Call March 3rd

- **Moderator:** @RichardLitt
- **Notetaker:** @aphelionz
- **Attendees:**
- Hamza
- Mike
- Richard

## Agenda
- Welcome, Hamza
    - @aphelionz: Reach out to me if you got any questions! Gitter is best.
- @aphelionz: Going to work on release across all of the different repos, get another minor release out. Next week or two. 
    - In the meantime: Merge all the things to master \o/. So, at the very least, people can develop with the GitHub repo URLs and not the proper semantic release things
    - @mike: Can't get test passing on OrbitDB PR, still working on that.
        - @aphelionz: let me know if there's anything I can do to help.