# Notes.

date: Tue 7th of August, 2018
notetaker: @RichardLitt
moderator: @RichardLitt

## participants
- @RichardLitt
- @huy
- @vvp
- @coyotespike
- @shamb0t


## agenda
- @haadcode is on vacation \o/
- Go over last week's notes
    - Nothign to report
- Shams and Thiago are working on the ACL
    - The identity manager creates links between foreign ids and orbitdbs, and handles signing and verification
    - These are the two branches:
        - https://github.com/thiagodelgado111/ipfs-log/tree/feat/entry-validator
        - https://github.com/shamb0t/ipfs-log/tree/feat/acl-refactor-entry
    - Shams needs to look over his branch, merge in her stuff, and then create a new branch for PR review from @haadcode
- @shamb0t: @huy you mentioned something in the chat about an indexing request?
    - Someone had some documents, and wanted to index all of the fields
    - @shamb0t: how is this different from DocStore?
    - https://github.com/orbitdb/orbit-db/issues/220
    - Everyone: take a look. @huy, write down what you need or want out of this.
- IRC
    - @RichardLitt: TODO open an issue in the welcome repo about what to do about not having mod access to #orbitdb
        - Perhaps just create another channel
  
